KOGITO-6458: Update the guide to describe new feature of default security definition (#40)
kiegroup/kogito-docs: serverlessworkflow/modules/ROOT/pages/security/authention-support-for-openapi-services.adoc

    }
----

> If the OpenAPI specification file has `securitySchemes` definitions, but no link:https://spec.openapis.org/oas/v3.1.0#security-requirement-object[Security Requirement Object] definitions, the generator can be configured to create these by default. In this case, for all operations without a security requirement the default one will be created. Note that the property value needs to match the name of a security scheme object definition, eg. `http-basic-example` or `api-key-example` in the `securitySchemes` list above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the OpenAPI specification file has `securitySchemes` definitions, but no link:{open_api_spec_url}#security-requirement-object[Security Requirement Object] definitions, the generator can be configured to create these by default. In this case, for all operations without a security requirement, the default one will be created. Note that the property value needs to match the name of a security scheme object definition, eg. `http-basic-example` or `api-key-example` in the `securitySchemes` list above.
```

Author: done

> If the OpenAPI specification file has `securitySchemes` definitions, but no link:https://spec.openapis.org/oas/v3.1.0#security-requirement-object[Security Requirement Object] definitions, the generator can be configured to create these by default. In this case, for all operations without a security requirement the default one will be created. Note that the property value needs to match the name of a security scheme object definition, eg. `http-basic-example` or `api-key-example` in the `securitySchemes` list above.

Author: done
